I need your deck this is a bad one worst
yet there was an escape from the
offworld colonies 10 weeks ago six
replicants three male three female they
slaughtered one blade runner's job is to
hunt down replicants manufactured humans
you can't tell from the real thing
what's this Roy batty probably the
leader there was just one outfit making
replicas that superhuman the Tyrell
corporation mr. deckerd dr. Eldon Tyrell
I don't get it Tyrone Commerce is our
goal here at Tyrell more human than
human is our motto
I was looking for six replicants in a
city of a hundred and six million people
you ever seen this girl huh never seen
less love
what I didn't know was they were looking
for me questions I just do eyes just
genetic design just I
no I'm in a bargain out for sector
weren't you come on down here and have a
drink
that's not my kind of place
time to die more than words can say
if I didn't feel this way
usually miss Alma can I talk to you
damn one-man flutter huh go home
you